Changed `azurecr` references to `ghcr` (#893)
radius-project/docs: docs/content/reference/resource-schema/core-schema/environment-schema/index.md

|------|:--------:|-------------|---------|
| \<recipe-name\> | y | The name of the Recipe. Must be unique within the resource-type. | `myrecipe`
| templateKind | y | Format of the template provided by the recipe. Allowed values: bicep | `'bicep'`

> | templatePath | y | The path to the Recipe contents. For Bicep Recipes this is a Bicep module registry address. | `'mycr.ghcr.io/recipes/myrecipe:1.0'`

Author: Need help, is this still a valid path example?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| templatePath | y | The path to the Recipe contents. For Bicep Recipes this is a Bicep module registry address. | `'ghcr.io/USERNAME/recipes/myrecipe:1.0'`
```
